docs: add bitbucket samples (#99)
renovatebot/docker-renovate: README.md

## Usage

> See [docs](https://docs.renovatebot.com/self-hosting/) for additional information to self-hosting Renovate with Docker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read the [self-hosting docs](https://docs.renovatebot.com/self-hosting/) for more information on how to self-host Renovate with Docker.
```

> See [docs](https://docs.renovatebot.com/self-hosting/) for additional information to self-hosting renovate with docker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [docs](https://docs.renovatebot.com/self-hosting/) for additional information to self-hosting Renovate with Docker.
```
